---
layout: meeting
title: Minutes of Directors' meeting
date: 2018-03-30 02:06
location: online via IRC
directors: 
- Victor Rincones Rodriguez
- Matthew Ferrero
secretary: 
- Mozart Olbrycht-Palmer 
apologies:
- Akhilesh Jamdar
members:
quorum: satisfied
chair: Matthew Ferrero
notice: given
agenda:
- PR Committee progress and update
- PayPal status confirmation
- Funds transfer policy
- Request for PR Committee merchandising authorization
- Request for PR Committee membership search and inclusion
- TaskHive contract
next-meeting: 2018-04-06 02:00
close-meeting: 2018-03-30 02:26
---

## PR Committee progress and update

A detailed report was given to all members of the Company as to their progress and research. Matthew suggested conference attendance wait until next year (2019) due to prohibitive costs and proper planning requirements. Victor agreed.


## PayPal status confirmation

Matthew informed the Directors that all account limitations had been removed from the Company's PayPal account, the details of which were available in Discord's general channel. It was suggested that the Company continue to use PayPal for the foreseeable future, barring any extenuating circumstances.


## Funds transfer policy

The Directors unanimously agreed via email before the meeting to adopt the following policy:

" To transfer funds from PayPal to the linked Transferwise account on a case-by-case basis prior to transactions that are not able to receive funds from the Company's PayPal account, otherwise to retain all funds in the PayPal account unless extenuating circumstances (to be determined at the discretion of the Board) arise. "

Matthew mentioned potential costs associated with conversion fees each time a PayPal to Transferwise transaction is performed, and that until technology permits there is no recourse for avoiding said fees.

## Request for PR Committee merchandising authorization

Matthew requested on behalf of the PR Committee permission to seek online merchandising options as a primary source of income. Victor instructed the Committee to perform research on merchandising options, but to operate under the assumption that donations should be the primary source of income instead of items sales. 

## Request for PR Committee membership search and inclusion

Matthew requested on behalf of the PR Committee permission to seek one to two other members to assist within the Committee, both of which would be decided on by the Board. Victor indicated his agreement to the proposal but stated he would wait to make a decision until further discussion with Akhilesh.

## TaskHive contract

Matthew and Victor both briefly reviewed the TaskHive contract and concluded no changes apart from effective Dates were necessary and resolved to have the contract signed before Thursday of next week.


## Request for PR Committee membership search and inclusion
