---
layout: meeting
body: Directors
title: Minutes of Directors' meeting
date: 2018-08-17 02:10
location: online via Discord
directors:
- Matthew Ferrero
- Victor Rincones Rodriguez
secretary:
- Mozart Olbrycht-Palmer
quorum: satisfied
chair: Matthew Ferrero
notice: given
agenda:
- Taskhive development
- Committee expenditure
next-meeting: 2018-08-24 02:00
close-meeting: 2018-08-17 02:17
---

The Directors noted that the meeting took place over Discord rather than IRC as usual, and that this was due to connection difficulties that Victor was experiencing. All Directors were made aware of the change.

## Taskhive development

Matthew informed the directors that he had receive wildly differing estimates in the cost of hiring an expert consultant to examine Taskhive's codebase.

Matthew stated that he intended to propose, via email, that responsibility for the direction of Taskhive should be left up to the management of that project, and any calls for the Company to fund development should proceed only where there is a concrete proposal acceptable to the Directors.

## Committee expenditure

Matthew enquired as to whether committees can request allocation of resources. The Company Secretary confirmed that the terms of reference of both the Funding Committee and Public Relations and Marketing Committee permit resources to be requested.

Matthew indicated that the PRMC would request resources in the near future for advertising, designs, and similar expenses.
